# Tech-Elevator-Projects
These are the 3 group projects I had to complete in order to graduate the program and were my first exposure to developing on a team. It was challenging and awesome to create with my classmates. :)

1. Vending Machine Application - Developed with a team of four in C# /.NET using OOP fundamentals and File I/O. This application allows a user to input money, show current balance, select an item from a list, view current inventory, purchase an item, receive change and it logs all transactions in a text file.

2. 'TEnmo' Banking Application - Developed with a team of four, in C# /.NET using Visual Studio, SQL, ASP.NET, and RESTful design. This application allows an authenticated user to login, and make transfers from their account(s) to other users by either searching a user or via a list. You could then see your transactions as a whole or view the details of an individual transaction.

3. 'Groovy Movies' Full-Stack Application- Developed with a team of five in 10 days, C#/.NET framework and backend, Web API and MS SQL for storing user information and calling a movie API for our site , and Vue, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML for creating a dynamic and vibrant front end. This application allows the user to create an account, add their favorite movies to a list of favorites, the user can search our movie collection by genre, title, related keyword(s), and through browsing the top 20 for that day. Each movie has a button to connect to the details of that movie as well as a favorite button. There is a User profile page that tells you about the user, shows their movie reviews, their friends, their comment feed, and a profile picture.
